WIP: Modified language to adhere to style guide (#63)
devfile/docs: docs/modules/user-guide/partials/proc_referring-to-a-parent-devfile-in-a-devfile.adoc

+
.Parent referred by uri
====

> Using the URI if it has been published on a static http server, like `gist` or `pastebin`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the URI if it has been published on a static http server, such as `gist` or `pastebin`.
```
(IBM styleguide recommendation)

[role="_additional-resources"]
.Additional resources

> For more information on referring to parent devfiles, see:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about referring to parent devfiles, see:
```

(Again, IBM rule. )
